I you a supplier to the restaurant
industry advertise on Sydney food TV his
face is one hundred percent seafood
predominantly sticking to the premium
end of fish it's not about a premium in
restaurant it's about a premium piece of
fish in an environment and it's much
more relaxed in the sort of take away a
bit of this brilliance of the restaurant
when you come to fish place you come to
fish face to eat you don't come here to
dine somewhere I suppose that I want
people to come every week Fisher needs
to be kept at a temperature under three
to four degrees we saw a fishing in a
static environment or static core room
and it's 0 to 1 temperature and you can
actually store a fish for seven days on
the bone like that we're going to do the
boy on potato scales with the rustic
romesco today the first what we do is
we'll grab a whole fish kind of fill it
down and start from there that one there
is just a perfect yeah do it nearly
translucent and that's what you want to
see in a great what fish filling right
we're upstairs in the kitchen now and
we're about to scale that blew over the
potato skulls that we're talking about
we're going to put that on the fish so
overlap overlap wondering each side one
in the middle it protects the fish from
extreme heat we don't like doing a
stream heat on the flesh of fish because
it breaks li-po to ending the fish so
we're just going to trim all that up so
let now looks like a fish with scales on
it in the pan here we got some pop
clarified butter we're going to put our
boy but we did return us girls down so
elastic romesco beer who likes of
catechin in there chopped tomato and a
little bit of garlic let me just a
little bit of basil all around the
outside if you have a look baby since
school like underneath the scales and
life is golden underneath it and we'll
just go straight up on top of the
garnish there well I all ready to go I
haven't had a personal eating in the
restaurant tell me that they'd bought a
filter fish and thought it was anywhere
it's who you know and they'll say oh
it's amazing what are you done with it
you say it's the fish it's a whole
process of where it was bought how it
was cut and eventually how we
and in a nutshell that's what it's all
about advertise your business today with
online video video vista com au